This document defines Hyperbola commans specific to Chiptunes controllers.  It
is currently a (very) rough draft.  In brief summary, chiptunes controllers are
scriptable four-voice waveform generators.  The Hyperbola protocol transport
for their command vocabulary is intended to be decoupled from said vocabulary
to the extent possible.

Chiptunes controllers speak rTFTP as per Hyperbola core.  File indexes 0
through 15 are reserved for flash configuration data, and must be written
sequentially from offset 0 after the device has been stopped.  A write to
offset index 15 offset 4096 or any play command signals completion; flash
contents will be finalized before other commands are processed.  File
indices 16 through 31 are reserved.  Other file indices are dynamically
allocated by CREATE RAM INSTRUMENT and CREATE RAM TRACK, below.

Chiptunes controllers respond to BROADCAST ALERTS.  RED is interpreted as full stop,
YELLOW as pause, holding note, and GREEN as resuming if possible otherwise staying
at a full stop.

In IDENTIFY THYSELF packets, chiptunes controllers additionaly report:
    1 byte: configuration data format version
    1 byte: size of flash configuration block, in units of rTFTP transfer lines
    1 byte: size of available RAM, in units of rTFTP transfer lines

0x10    SONG CONTROL
    0x00    Stop, no output
    0x10    Pause, no output
    0x11    Pause, hold note (freeze any slews)
    0x18    Resume from pause if possible, if not, stay paused
    0x19    Resume from pause if possible, if not, start from the top

    0x20    Play at last set next index with all channels on song.
    0x22    Play at last set next index with channels holding current state.
        Bottom bit indicates loop (1) or single-play (0).

    Responses echo.

0x12    SET NEXT SONG INDEX
    1 byte : RESERVED MAINTAIN ZERO
    1 byte : row of song table

    Changes take effect after the current song row has finished playing or when
    the device is told to play.  Channels which are not on-song are unaffected.

    Responses echo.

0x20    CHANNEL ON-SONG
    1 byte payload indicates channel mask to take on-channel

    Responses echo.

0x21    CHANNEL ON-TRACK
    First payload byte "r l _ _ c c" where
            r : RAM (1) or FLASH (0) track
            l : Loop (1) or stop after (0) track
    Second payload byte specifies track index
            Looping track 0 is sometimes referred to as ``off-track''
            and results in the channel executing only remote commands
            for the duration of such a loop.

    Responses echo.

0x22    COMMANDS ON CHANNELS
    Sets of three bytes: channel, command, parameter.

    Responses echo.

0x30	CREATE RAM INSTRUMENT
0x31	CREATE RAM TRACK
0x37	FREE RAM RESOURCE
