This document defines Hyperbola commands specific to Gyropov interface
devices.  It is currently a (very) rough draft.

Gyropovs are what they sound like: a gyro and a bank of 16 LEDs which
display messages via Persistance of Vision.  Data is loaded in device-
specific ways using a TFTP-style push-based protocol in which the
programmer SHALL wait for each response before moving on to the next
and SHALL retransmit commands in the event of timeout or fabric NAK.

Additionally, gyropovs can report their use to the Hyperbola network
using a few simple pre-packaged modes.

In IDENTIFY THYSELF packets, gyropovs additionally report:
	1 byte: configuration data block size.  All writes must be padded to
			multiples of this value or the last block may not be committed
			to stable storage and series of WRITE CONFIGURATION DATA
			commands must begin on integer multiples of this value or
			they will be ignored.
	1 byte: configuration data plane size, in units of 8 bytes.
	1 byte: configuration data format version, to be defined eventually
			below (XXX)

0x10	READ CONFIGURATION DATA
	1 byte offset into configuration data plane
	
	response: offset then 8 bytes (starting at that offset) response
0x11	WRITE CONFIGURATION DATA
	1 byte offset into configuration data plane
	8 bytes of new content

	response echos

0x18	SET MODE
	0x00: Random selection
	0x01, index: Sequential selection from index
	0x02, index: fixed selection at index

	response echos

0x20	DISABLE REPORTING MODE
0x21	ENABLE REPORTING MODE
	There's an 8-bit mask of fixed function report modes, each of
	which may be enabled or disabled on the fly.

	0x01: via SINGLE SHORT EVENT REPORT broadcasts
	0x40, addr, bank, wait, hold, gate: Generate a Radioflash
		TIMED SET OUTPUT GATES command for the target addr using the
		other parameters given.
	0x80, ...: as above, but a decaying thresholding scheme is
		used to filter reports.

	responses are one byte indicating live modes; modes not
	understood will never become live.

0x22	QUERY REPORTING PARAMETERS
	Takes 1 byte with values [0,7] and returns it and the
	parameters given when enabling the mode indexed by that
	bit in the reporting mode mask, if any and if it is live.
